Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/node-oauth/README.md

### About the app

> This sample app shows how to implement the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow to enable communicating with Miro APIs 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to implement the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow to make Miro REST API calls.
```
